fix: Lightnet docs (#825)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/testing-zkapps-lightnet.mdx

## Prerequisites

1. [Install zkApp CLI](/zkapps/install-zkapp-cli). 

> 1. [Write tests for your smart contract](/zkapps/testing-zkapps-locally#writing-tests-for-your-smart-contract).

Author: Yes, it's fine https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/wiki/Markdown-Syntax#numbered-steps 
Using 1. for each step simplifies maintenance
Here's the handy preview link https://docs2-git-iterate-lightnet-minadocs.vercel.app/zkapps/testing-zkapps-lightnet#prerequisites

1. Develop, iterate, and [troubleshoot](#troubleshoot-transactions)
1. [Stop the local network](#stop-the-local-network)

> The best way experience Lightnet is by using it from the zkApp CLI command line.

Author: oof thankies eagle eye!

- Pulls the latest Docker image for your environment from the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/o1labs/mina-local-network) repository
- Prepares the file system
- Forms the network with a single node
- Configures the network to be fast
- Disables the blockchain SNARK proofs
- Uses the `o1js-main` branch of the Mina repository

> - Starts the Mina archive process and the [archive-node-API](https://github.com/o1-labs/Archive-Node-API) application.

Author: ```suggestion
- Starts the Mina archive process and the [Archive-Node-API](https://github.com/o1-labs/Archive-Node-API) application.
```

zk lightnet explorer
```

> This command downloads and updates a lightweight Mina explorer. By default, the latest version is downloaded (if needed) and launched. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this command downloads (if needed) and launches the latest version of [lightweight Mina explorer](https://github.com/o1-labs/mina-lightweight-explorer). 
```

To list versions, their published dates, and show the version in use:

```sh

> zk lightnet explorer list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zk lightnet explorer --list
```
